Update README.md (#17)
linux-system-roles/mssql: README.md

![CI Testing](https://github.com/linux-system-roles/template/workflows/tox/badge.svg)

This role installs, configures, and starts Microsoft SQL Server.

The role also optimizes the operating system to improve performance and
throughput for SQL Server by applying the `mssql` Tuned profile.

> The role currently only works with SQL Server2019.

Reviewer: should this be `Server 2019`?

> The role currently only works with SQL Server2019.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The role currently only works with SQL Server 2019.
```
